hey whats up guys is Robert Rob here
bringing you my very first post ever for
my new brand new YouTube channel Rob or
X Rob and I'm sure you figured out by
now that Robert Rex rob is a call of
duty based channel I wouldn't call it a
gaming channel because it is a little
dedicated to call of duty unfortunately
and yeah I wanted to use this video just
to introduce myself and introduce my
channel you know what I want it to be
what sort of things I wanted to go
without delving to forest in fuchsia and
I've done this country alongside a
striker Moab gameplay on domination
underground a bit of a steady pace
striker Moab but to be fair I was
leveling up at the time i'm using a grip
focus i think and i at the beginning of
the streak i was actually in the middle
so i think i was we as a friend round or
something i was chatting to them I need
to realize about halfway through that I
really needed to knuckle down because I
was on for a mob but yeah anyway so I'm
rob an armored a university student from
London and yeah this channel I'm just
treating as a bit of a project in a
hobby for myself so you know it's not
that I wouldn't put in the work for it
but in the end when it concerns at
University comes first and the things
that I really want on my channel is just
high scoring game play entertaining
gameplay more than anything I think
that's probably the most important thing
but you know if my relationship with the
community and stuff develops and you
know I actually start getting a decent
amount of views then yeah i'll probably
be posting some a pair of ponies and
more funny stuff bit more community
stuff as well but right now i think i
think the first couple of weeks i'm just
going to I've got a couple of videos
prepared for you guys again all of
charge keep trying to keep it to a
pretty good standard talking about me as
a player I'd like to think I'm a pretty
good balance between Slayer and
objective players so you know I do what
needs to be done so the thing is and as
well I play with my friends that want me
I can introduce the my 45 group which
I'm actually part of its
actually my circle of friends whose
wheel will play a card and stuff like
that and we will make a university so
the thing is I know I can generally rely
on my teammates to do good so you know
when a game like this comes along I can
just have a bit of fun just you know k
get my kills and in the end that's why I
enjoy I enjoy playing cod4 my
killstreaks you can see we've got the
spawn trap to know to be honest I that I
taught realizes on a MOAB so I was just
being tribal art so you see like that
guy they're usually able to just chase
them out just gone or whatever but you
know might as well just make the flank
look around he's in the corner brilliant
but understand and yes so I'm modern
warfare 3 you know it's an enjoyable
game it's a floor game in the end of the
call of duty so I'm enjoying it and yeah
so I'm hoping I was hoping originally to
start modern warfare 2 i'm posting with
modern warfare 2 so here because I've
had some pretty good scores but you know
theatre Mo's allowed me allowed me to
sort of record games without really
having the equipment and yeah so so it's
just something I wanted to start doing
and you know just see see how it goes so
in the end of it if it's not that great
at least I've done something I can enjoy
and yeah so as well with this video I've
sped up some of the more slow parts
because you know sometimes i'm looking
around that they we never really had
UAVs not that many UAVs so it was pretty
difficult to find anyone and you know I
didn't really want to get caught out so
I was just sort of making my way around
making flanks I think we actually came
out to the Moab here luckily my friend
good friend lactate has play some
ballistic vests which gets me through
this situation there it is so I as well
I've cut out the very end because in the
end I'll return to normal Rob and just
die a lot of times which can seem to
happen a modern warfare 3 a lot but
there is there's the Moab I pretty sure
the final score is
seemed like 41 and something or other
other knife I think it's like seven
maybe but snipers right yeah so this is
my very very first video and I'll be
gonna be uploading regular content maybe
like three posts a week and yeah I hope
to see you guys along the way really
because this is a bit scary for me but
more exciting for you guys so there you
go 42 and five I don't want to lie
anyway yes I'll see you guys at my next
post and I probably got something good
for you